My (updated) Corpus exists out of a total of 6 playlists forming 3 different groups. These 4 groups are: Uk drill, Jazz, and Scales. With the 2 playlists belonging in the Jazz group I will look at what differs between West Coast Jazz (1950s Jazz in America) and Bossa Nova (A brazilian form of Jazz). Then, two other playlists will be used to see to what musical scales Americans and Europeans listen to. Maybe we listen to very different or similair scales. Lastly, I want to look further into UK drill and than especially into Central C. 

Some background and reasons why I chose this Corpus
People say that Bossanova was pretty much born from West coast Jazz and it's basically just a Brazilian version of it. Im curious how this is to be seen when looking into the data. I have grabbed a playlist of around 50 songs of both genres and will see how close these songs are related to each other by comparing their multiple features with one another. To hopefully create on overview on where the Brazilians have sticked with the American way and where they have chosen to bring their own flavour into the genre. With the Uk drill part of the corpus I will focus more on an artist than a genre. I will look at what makes Central C different from other Drill rappers like ArrDee or Aitch. Songs of Central C can sometimes be very emotional and sad but still pack a lot of energy, like the song Let go or One up. And he's got a lot more songs and epecially remixes that are very unique. Im curious what the spotify features will say about a track like let it go and im curious if there are anny other rappers in the UK scene that have a songs with comparible feature values. So I would want to analyze some of his iconic tracks and than compare him as an artist to other UK artist and see where there difference is the biggest. And lastly with the Scales im curious to what scales Americans and the Dutch listen most. Are we very similair in this? Or do we differ in what scale we prefer?

   Overall I think my corpus offers me the choice between 3 diverse groups to research. Each playlist has around 20-50 songs. I have the freedom to do research on one of these topics and switch to another if I get bored or feel like im getting stuck, or I can do research on all 3 and even have some overlapping research like seeing what scale is most populair for all. 


**Description of Plots**

The first plot shows the valence versus the energy of the 50 most streamed songs (On 13/02/2023) in the Netherlands and America. The overall dispersion of these datapoints is pretty similair and we could say that the tracks in the US and in Europe have similair energy and valence. In the second plot I have tried to visaulize to what scales europeans and Americans listen to. I chose to use a bar chart since this seemed ideal to show the dispersion of a categorical variable. Some remarkable points are the key's of B, D, E and G# where there is a noticable difference for the two different nationalities. But this could be caused by chance. For a stronger conclusion I could increase the sample size to 100 or more to eliminate the factor of randomness. 
[Plot](https://github.com/12890111/ComputationalMusicology/blob/main/Rplot01.png)
